For both of these, we're calling weatherInterpreter with some int argument put in.
In the first case, if we have four as an input,
our temperature will be set to that value of four.
Then Java will enter our function code,
and read it line by line.
First comes our if statement,
and it checks if temperature is greater than 30.
Four is less than 30,
so this will be false,
and we'll move on to or else if.
Then it checks if temperature is less than five.
Four is less than five,
so this condition is true,
and we'll enter this statement and print out brr,
consider wearing a jacket.
In our second call, we're passing in 32,
so our temperature parameter will be set to 32,
and again will read our code line by line.
First we see our if, and check if temperature is greater than 30.
32 is greater than 30,
so this time this is true,
and we'll print out, it's hot outside.
So even though we're using the same code for different arguments like four and 32,
this can result in different lines being printed out.